Minecraft players can take the most
ordinary block and somehow find a way to
make it functional. But when Mojang
added vibrant visuals to the game, which
is basically a built-in shader pack, I
thought finally there was a feature that
was purely about aesthetics. Of course,
this YouTuber sitback in Minecraft
immediately proved me wrong by making
this beautiful and functional sundial
that uses the shadow cast by a trident
to tell time. So, I started wondering if
any other shadow-based technology might
be possible. And sure enough, just a few
days ago, Sitback and Minecraft followed
up with another video promising a door
unlocked with vibrant visuals. Some of
you guys had the same idea in the
comments, but I figured it would be
impossible since the shadows and light
don't actually affect daylight sensors
or get detected by observers. But the
actual solution is so creative. The door
uses a redstone combination lock that
gives the user an array of many buttons.
At a specific time of day, the sun
shines through holes in the slope roof
and lights up the buttons you need to
press to open the door. Another more
refined version of the puzzle uses the
Trident Sun dial to show the user what
time of day the key to the door is
revealed. At just the right time, you're
able to see the three keywords light up
on the cave wall. Then you can rename
paper with the correct keywords and
throw it onto the floor to unlock the
hidden entrance.